That today we will talk about this
new line of Kumar Health Insurance and in this Golden
Shilp so Golden Chhel which is a tagline is
this trick health care for serious now you must have understood
that it is a senior citizen specific line
so its members have launched it and there are many
things which are
good hand blender for senior citizens we will talk about
in the next video stay tuned inside the video a
reminder if you have not subscribed to my channel yet
let me subscribe that is the
right information and bright which
you will get I would like to increase my
before starting the video my name is good
quality ko encourage transplant n
insurance industry last six
years such I bring videos for religious
so that joining your insurance for
engagement can be easy and handy
because our company needs creating
awareness of this plant is a law garden
plant before telling about it I would
like to tell a little about that
soon 3.0 and problem is Rishu 70%
tablets are allotted in hospital time
Proximity Effect is given for ₹100 where
you can get cancer treatment, there is a third
party administrator in his claim
settlement, there is no third party
administrator in this, what
can I say
about Golden Sita, first of all,
as I told you, if you are a senior citizen
and
cannot subscribe to the minimum, it is available in the market,
you can also take it from above and if you subscribe to the maximum of these two, then
you can get free medical checkup, the
policy did not even do medical checkup, that is
not above this, it does not mean that the
thing already happens in the international security assistance case,
so there is no loading, many
office meetings are cleared, premium is cleared, because it is a
senior specific plan,
so there is no generation based morning contact,
in this we will talk about the semester, minimum
problem is available, maximum benefit policy,
subscribe to the policy,
if
you liked the video then
subscribe to the page so that
you can get hospitalization patients at home,
second
quid is not available, then there is weakness in the computer,
hospitalization  Word
is your polythene, its condition is that minimum
three consecutive days hospitalization is
necessary, so if
you are taking hospitalization at home for more than three days, then that
weakness will be admitted in the hospital, home health
care also up to five percent option in kabaddi player, a
shirt print
hospitalization means
specific messages before going to the hospital, there is also news, 1610
free and nominated S post, in this there is a condition
that those expenses should be
related to your hospitalization, so you can
see me, now we will talk about the
recipe in this, so friends benefit statement
benefits in this way, there is unlimited
benefit, if you get it then there will be
unlimited number of times, so you
can take it from here, hence multiple unlimited
777 888
and fun related elements domestic road
ambulance cover is 1% and always maximum
1000 years, but
that no claim bonus will not be reduced from the job in school,
see this channel subscribe button is on the screen and maximum
in Ayurvedic Unani  You
can subscribe to homeopathy entry, they have to
focus on the Raghavendra method, after
pressing the description,
first is Delhi consultation for
unlimited free consultation,
you can take recording of any reason from the doctor in this policy,
second is your Pan, political yes, for
you your Pan from Amazon, critical
mass, third is diet nutrition,
another successful test,
fourth accounting is available, now if you want to take
counseling for all mental services, then
that comment is their health
management program, then the management
program works in two ways, one is
you can call and consult
doctors, second, in the management program, you are given a goal base for your
preventive health checkup,
six
incentives are set for participation in yoga
meditation sessions, completion of mid means how many
hotspots you will do, you are given the benefit,
central medical
board is given, that is, here you can
keep medical documents about Next Health
Springs Ambulance  You can get assistance and some
products from the office through the Take Care
app. This account is for
downloading help. You can also get all the things back through the
notifications. You can also manage the
care management program properly there. So, we will
talk about payment. Here, payment is available.
You will get a free chart of 50% per message sent. There is a personal
payment for that. So, you have the
option to reduce the last choice. You
can use your copy, paste and
submit on such procedures. You should see the sub-limit.
If your time and sign-off is till then, you
came at ₹50. The smallest of Life in Electronics, then
at ₹50, if there is
time left for more than ₹20 lakh, then you are
given a little bit of it at the end. There are some sub-limits for four conditions.
What are those conditions? Then,
School and Cardiovascular Disease, Causes
Cancer, Including Chemo and Radio and Oral
Safi, Renal Complications and Resurrection of
Lord's joint replacement, so there
is a limit in this, if you have a
policy of ₹2 lakhs, then if it is
above ₹3.5 lakhs, then the
limit is given by all these things,
so you can comment on quality up to ₹1 lakh,
like routine life in North
policy, Tubelight Services,
if you have a policy above ₹2 lakh, then the richest one is of 2.5 lakhs,
through which you can get
free hospitalization and post
hospitalization from all limits, so you
can separately raise the flame of gas
for these specifications, and there is a
unique feature in this which is not seen in any policy,
this incentive will be given if you have
felt nuclear for this and that
incidentally 2.5 lakhs, you will be given a discount on the premium.
Next, there are
some optional coverages in this college which you
can add, all that we just talked about are things
and some options common sense which you can take,
look at this problem, first of all, this is why
these protractors mean non-table  If
you want to reduce your expenses, you
cannot take it for free. The second option is
Vol SIDCUL, which means if you want to take it without cable, you can get
20% off on the premium and two
options on the left side, your premium gets reduced. There
can be
some modification of data cable between the two. As I
mentioned, the 50% payment is the student
premium, that should be reduced.
Option 22B is available for your
share management program. We saw above that this is the
Chairman and Program for your help. For
making a holy statement, there is a fasting
program available, which you
can add after looking at the additional cost.
What will you get in it? You will get a healthcare professional.
Help coach. You will keep getting health updates from
time to time. What
help are you getting? Ongoing updates and tension
consultations on PT reaction. Routine
diagnosis for minor patients will also be done.
Pardesi also stays in nursing homes.
We have seen a lot that senior citizens fast
at home and attendants of their own, so that will also be
reported in it. Now let us discuss here what is the
input in the policy.
First of all, initially  Waiting till
30 days is mandatory till your husband's arrival you
cannot get line hospitalization done only for a
student emergency its word qualities have been
positive and notified specific
disease means hypertension
any disease related to office there is a
meeting of 90s on that the rest will be covered
pacific rim jim lettuce log wireless there is a
waiting period of two years on that
preexisting of different formats on which there is a
waiting period of two years and as
I told you you did not feel any loading from this skin disease
now let's talk about the
team so here Prem John John John
John
Mumbai Navi Mumbai Gujarat Chhattisgarh
Madhya Pradesh Daman and Diu Dadra
and Nagar Haveli
Maharashtra Mumbai Thane and
Meghnad
subscribe if it is
suitable for you it keeps you possibly well it can
also add vehicles from my side garden plants anything by subscribing
if you like our video on that
you can also share it
with your friends and family if you have  You
should contact us regarding its recording or
any other information, you
can contact us with our WhatsApp
number, email ID mentioned on the side,
I will share the link in the comment box, you
can leave your contact details in it, Mighty Maa will give birth to it,
lastly a reminder if
you have not subscribed to my channel yet, do
subscribe sodium AZT,
you get the network on the right side, paste it, this is
Ajmer issue, there is a
shift in 9087, so if
you, this front has been covered after this
that Sidhu has yours,
I ignore the clips